Server Interfaces
-----------------

* The `server` field in prior versions of `unfiltered.jetty.Server`
  (the wrapper's reference to the Jetty server object) is now
  `underlying`.
* The `destroy` method of the underlying Jetty server is now promoted
  to the wrapper interface, and it is called from the `run`
  method. Destroying completed server instances frees PermGen space
  for long-running JVM sessions, such as those provided by interactive
  build and test tools.
* The `run` method is not guaranteed to return. If you have code to
  execute after the server is stopped, call run with beforeStart and
  afterStop functions.
* Convenience methods on unfiltered.jetty.Http: `local` for a server
  bound to the loopback interface only, and `anylocal` for a server on
  loopback using any available port.

New Modules
-----------

* unfiltered-websockets: using Netty! Details are available in the
[readme](http://github.com/n8han/Unfiltered/tree/master/websockets/#readme).
* unfiltered-util: basic objects of use to both unfiltered servers and libraries.
* unfiltered-netty-server: extracts servers from unfiltered-netty
  module, so that they may be used without depending on
  unfiltered-library.

Unfiltered Library
------------------

Support for Cookies.

ResponseFunction and Intent
---------------------------

ResponseFunction now takes a type parameter T to restrict the type of
its `underlying` instance. The type T of all general ResponseFunctions
in unfiltered-library is Any, as they do not require any specific
implementation.

The intent convention has evolved to encompass underlying response
types, specifically the Cycle.Intent type takes two parameters, A
for the underlying request and B for the response. This allows the
use of narrowly typed ResponseFunctions to be checked when defining
a particular intent.

Finally, the implementation of intent pattern matching has been
improved. The method `isDefinedAt` is employed rather than
optimistically attempting a match inside a try/catch block, all known
side effects produced by request extractors have been eliminated. This
required a slight change to the interface used to access multipart
data in unfiltered-uploads.

Netty
-----

The unfiltered-netty module now supplies two Plan
constructs. unfiltered.netty.cycle.Plan is for defining a traditional
request-response cycle, where a response object is synchronously
produced for a request. unfiltered.netty.channel.Plan does not assume
any response strategy; it simply matches the request and leaves it to
the application to construct and write a response through Netty.
