Modules
-------

The core Unfiltered library no longer depends on the Servlet API. Instead, it interacts with abstract request and response traits that require a binding implementation.

- **unfiltered**  Most applications will depend on a particular
    binding library rather than this core library.

- **unfiltered-filter** Binds the core library to servlet filters,
    version 2.3 of the Servlet API. Comparable to the core library in
    previous versions of Unfiltered.

- **unfiltered-jetty** Offers convenience functions for defining an
    embedded Jetty server. Does not depend on unfiltered-filter,
    although it is generally expected to be used with it. This module
    was previously named unfiltered-server. Its server-building class
    is now `unfiltered.jetty.Http`.

- **unfiltered-jetty-ajp** For defining an embedded Jetty server that
    supports the Apache JServ Protocol. Previously unfiltered-ajp-server.

- **unfiltered-netty** Contributed by [daggerrz][daggerrz], this
    module has "basic alpha Netty support", meaning, the tests
    pass. It was the motivation for abstracting the Servlet API from
    the core library and it supports the same kind of
    synchronous interaction as unfiltered-filter. (Future versions will
    support asynchronous messages.)

- **unfiltered-spec** Now enables integration testing with both Netty
    and Jetty. This module is used by the core library to test itself
    against both server modules.

[daggerrz]: http://github.com/daggerrz/

The unfiltered-scalate, unfiltered-uploads, and unfiltered-json modules are
unchanged in this release.

Types
-----

The `Plan` type has the same purpose as before, however it's now
available in servlet-filter and Netty varieties. If your application
references `Plan` or `Planify`, these can now be found in the
`unfiltered.filter` package.

The partial function that defines a Plan is now called an Intent:

    type Intent[T] = PartialFunction[HttpRequest[T], ResponseFunction]

The type parameter T allows Unfiltered modules (like uploads) and
applications that need to use the actual request and response objects
of their underlying implementation to do so type-safely through
the `underlying` fields of HttpRequest and HttpResponse.

The method in a Plan type that defines the partial function is now
called `intent`, by convention and specifically in the filter and
netty Plan traits. In the previous version's Plan trait it was named
`filter`.

QParam
-------

Requirement methods such as `int`, `even` that can be expected to
fail on user input now take a function `String => E`, `Int => E`, or
similar rather than a simple error object `E`. This allows the
failing input to be easily cited in a constructed error message. The
predicate builder function `pred` takes a function `A => E` for the
same purpose. These uses are [demonstrated][example] in the
`softprops/unfiltered.g8` template project.

[example]: http://github.com/softprops/unfiltered.g8/blob/master/src/main/g8/src/main/scala/Example.scala

Demos
------

The demo projects have been removed from the project
repository. Users are instead encouraged to try out released versions
of Unfiltered using project templates such as [softprops/unfiltered.g8][template].

[template]: http://github.com/softprops/unfiltered.g8
