Try Unfiltered
--------------

It's not hard to write a request handler in the Scala console using
Unfiltered. The tricky part is getting everything on the classpath.

### Play Project

The approach recommended here uses [giter8][g8], a tool for setting up
projects based on templates stored in github. Assuming you don't have
giter8 installed and you are on a network-connected Linux or Mac, it's
easy to fix that.

[g8]: https://github.com/n8han/giter8#readme

    curl https://raw.github.com/n8han/conscript/master/setup.sh | sh

That is [conscript][conscript]. Its `setup.sh` places a permanent
(assuming you don't delete it) executable script in `~/bin/cs`. At
some point you may want to add `~/bin` to your executable search path,
but these instructions will not assume it is.

[conscript]: https://github.com/n8han/conscript#readme

    ~/bin/cs n8han/giter8

That installs a `g8`. Now you have a script to run giter8. The next
step creates a sbt 0.10 project under the current working directory.

    ~/bin/g8 unfiltered/unfiltered --name=justplayin

Okay, finally we can use this project with sbt to get a console for
Unfiltered. You do have [sbt setup][sbt], don't you?

[sbt]: https://github.com/harrah/xsbt/wiki/Setup

    cd justplayin
    sbt console

### Consoled

Now that you have a `scala>` prompt with the `unfiltered-filter` and
`unfiltered-jetty` modules on the classpath, let's have some fun.

```scala
import unfiltered.request._
import unfiltered.response._
val echo = unfiltered.filter.Planify {
  case Path(Seg(p :: Nil)) => ResponseString(p)
}
```
This filter `echo` would work with any servlet container. We can
use it in a Jetty server right now.

```scala
unfiltered.jetty.Http.anylocal.filter(echo).run()
```
The startup message tells you which open port was selected, and by
default it is only listening to requests from 127.0.0.1. So on the
same machine, you can make requests to your server. e.g.

    curl http://127.0.0.1:<the right port>/hello+world

Fancy desktop web browsers will work too. Notice that exactly one path
segment is required for the filter to respond to the request. If you
ask for the root path or a deeper path, the `echo` filter will
not handle the request and Jetty responds with a 404 page.

If we want to handle any request, we could broaden the pattern
matching expression. (Press enter to stop the running server.)

```scala
val echoNice = unfiltered.filter.Planify {
  case Path(Seg(p :: Nil)) => ResponseString(p)
  case _ => ResponseString(
    "I can echo exactly one path element."
  )
}
unfiltered.jetty.Http.anylocal.filter(echoNice).run()
```
Or we could define another filter chain it to the first.

```scala
val nice = unfiltered.filter.Planify {
  case _ => ResponseString(
    "I can echo exactly one path element."
  )
}
unfiltered.jetty.Http.anylocal.filter(echo).filter(nice).run()
```
Happy now?
