Plans and Intents
-----------------

Unfiltered conditionally handles incoming requests using partial
functions. From the application's perspective, requests are
mapped to code paths by pattern matching. The library uses
a particular vocabulary to refer to the agents of this process
without ambiguity.

* An *intent* is a partial function for matching requests.
* A *plan* binds an intent to a particular server interface.

For example, the `unfiltered.filter.Plan` trait extends the
`javax.servlet.Filter` interface. It declares an abstract `intent`
method for clients to define the intent partial function.

### Making Plans of Intents

Looking back at the example on the previous page, you might wonder
where the plan ends and the intent begins.

```scala
import unfiltered.request._
import unfiltered.response._
val echo = unfiltered.filter.Planify {
   case Path(Seg(p :: Nil)) => ResponseString(p)
}
```
In this case a plan is constructed directly from an anonymous partial
function—that function is the intent. We can define the same plan in
more explicit parts, as is usually necessary in a larger application.

```scala
object Echo extends unfiltered.filter.Plan {
  def intent = {
    case Path(Seg(p :: Nil)) => ResponseString(p)
  }
}
```
Since this kind of plan is an implementation of the servlet filter
interface, we can pass it directly to a servlet container.

```scala
unfiltered.jetty.Http.anylocal.filter(Echo).run()
```

### Passing on That

Since an intent is a partial function, it may be undefined for a
request. In this case the request may be handled by some other intent
or it could produce a 404 error from the server.

Unfiltered also supports an explicit mechanism to specify that a
matched request should not be handled by an intent: the `Pass` object.

```scala
  
object Public extends unfiltered.filter.Plan {
  def intent = {
    case Path(Seg("admin" :: _)) => Pass
    case Path(Seg(path :: Nil)) => myRenderer(path)
  }
}
```

This intent avoids handling anything under `/admin` by matching that
condition and passing on it. There are other ways to achieve the same
ends, but an explicit `Pass` is often the most straightforward.

Keep in mind that Scala's partial functions are unaware of
Unfiltered's `Pass` mechanism, so the intent above is in fact
*defined* for the excluded paths. But when attached to a plan,
requests that evaluate to `Pass` are treated the same as those that
are undefined.

### Chaining Intents

When you want to combine intents within a single plan, use `onPass`:

```scala
object MyPlan extends unfiltered.filter.Plan {
  def intent = public.onPass(private)

  val public = unfiltered.filter.Intent { ... }
  val private = unfiltered.filter.Intent { ... }
}
```

The `onPass` method is defined implicitly for `PartialFunction` with
the import of the `unfiltered.response._` package. It works like
`orElse` but is aware of the `Pass` object and it's optimized to avoid
unnecessary reevaluation of pattern guards.
