Bindings and Servers
--------------------

The core module unfiltered-library does not depend on or reference any
particular server backend. It defines internal abstractions for
requests and responses, with higher level abstractions on top.

An application or library that depends only on the core library could
be used with any backend that Unfiltered supports, but in most cases it
will depend on a *binding* module.

### Binding Modules

These bind Unfiltered's generic request and response interfaces to a
given implementation, as well as intent types and plan traits.

#### Servlet Filters (unfiltered-filter)

The Java Servlet API enables you to write applications that run on
servlet containers, anything from Tomcat to Google App Engine. Its
plan trait is a servlet filter.

#### Netty Channel Handlers (unfiltered-netty)

Netty defines *channels* for network I/O and implements them using
Java's Native I/O (NIO) interface. Its plan traits are upstream
channel handlers, and the module defines intents and plans in separate
`cycle` and `async` subpackages, the former for traditional
request-response cycles and the latter for open-ended interaction.

### Server Modules

Server modules define runnable servers to execute your plans. They are
entirely optional. Applications can instead use Unfiltered's binding
modules with external containers, or they can interface directly with
server libraries.

#### unfiltered-jetty

Includes builders for Jetty servers that implement the HTTP and HTTPS
protocols. With this server it is particularly easy serve a web
browser interface for a local process. Unfiltered even gives you a
shortcut to open a browser window, if the user is on a 1.6+ JVM that
supports it.

```scala
import unfiltered.request._
import unfiltered.response._
val hello = unfiltered.filter.Planify {
  case _ => ResponseString("hello world")
}
unfiltered.jetty.Http.anylocal.plan(hello).run { s =>
  unfiltered.util.Browser.open(
    "http://127.0.0.1:%d/".format(s.port)
  )
}
```
#### unfiltered-jetty-ajp

A Jetty server configured for the [Apache JServ Protocol][ajp], a
binary protocol for proxying web requests.

[ajp]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apache_JServ_Protocol

#### unfiltered-netty-server

Bootstraps and binds a server for your channel handlers.

```scala
import unfiltered.request._
import unfiltered.response._
val hello = unfiltered.netty.cycle.Planify {
  case _ => ResponseString("hello world")
}
unfiltered.netty.Http(8080).plan(hello).run()
```
